do you live alone or with your parents No I live alone I rent a house Yes for 500 How much for 500 rubles Yes, I guess 500 rubles is 5 dollars No it's 500 rubles More precisely it's less than five dollars It's 4.5 dollars No it's 500 rubles You're in you pay 500 rubles a month for this apartment yes in dollars it turns out like this for us O dollar 9 with something yes yes 0 with something 11 and already 110 Hello where are you from Slavs Kolovrat I see now I live in Ukraine and where in what city do I live in Kyiv in Kyiv Yes, me too I am also a Russian nationalist but now I am RDK I crossed the border from Russia Listen well RDK we consider them traitors not RDK - they are warriors of Rus' don't listen well yes The theme is the same but in short they are against Russian people now they gave Putin who here there no don't look RDK They are just for the Russian people who are you for Russia now
Chechens and all that stuff And the RDK they are for Rus' Look what Putin has turned Putin into What a country Tajiks are full of all sorts of migrants Yeah, listen, well, we're sorting this out He's not a bad leader He's not a bad leader but he gives it to everyone in the world like Well, look, they really give it to everyone now Tajiks in short, the Tajiks give you in Russia You look, you can't say anything against Kadyrov, really And the RDK can say RDK Kadyrov gives them like that And you won't give it to the Kadyrovite, really Listen, so far there haven't been any problems with the Kadyrovite Well, we have a question with these people of theirs and in short, we have Arguments with them and what do you dream of arguing Where are you What city are you from nothing say something and that's it and go goodbye nothing say of course Well we seem to be fine anyway we are here holding our hand on the path Well that is to say Kadyrovites Slavs are pressed and what do you have here Kolovrat means this is religious  you know it's not religious you know what kind of sign you know Well it's a religious sign the sign of the sun Well it's not Lavra it's a new sign as if Well go into it Yes it was not on the ancient ones on the stones anywhere there was no drawing of the EU go into there are similar some kind of well I say I have my own, as it were, view on all these things, and what is Kolovrat for you, damn, what are you getting at with Kolovrat? I just want to get a Kolovrat tattoo too, but I think it's a Slavic symbol. I'm interested in how, how, how do you think, in general? Well, that's it. what is happening now for you that this is well this is the liberation of Rus' from the Tatar Mongol what is now the Slavs Slavs Kiev this is Rus' now the Tatar-Mongol Horde has come again And wants to capture Rus' wait Listen Here you look you dream Where are you from Rusich Moscow region And where in the Moscow region there were never any Slavs the USA came from somewhere there you collected your language from the Russians because you felt like it  more
conveniently at least perky Listen to
you in a simple way
I'm driving you bro I can and
now you'll shut your mouth and you'll have
your
mouth Pasha you're also a
Slav I'm even worse I'm a Jew
Tatar joke okay to you I'm a Jew
and everyone tells me I'm a Jew And I'm also a
Tatar  this is what a Jew says, worse than
a Tatar If I were an
Azerbaijani, you would be
with yours at all, what are you to everyone, you
all got You still Tell about the ancient Ugrians, about all
this ridiculous stuff that you all
combined with
yours who are studying in the fifth, sixth
grade, what's wrong  or what are you And when you
scream you close your eyes
because I'm Pasha Vi you don't know
what Pasha Vi is Listen you have there
[music]
it's like you're reading In short this Ukrainian
Zro history of the fifth and sixth grades and
you sit here trying to
comb us bro
develop ka  since I'm sleeping because I'm
already bored telling you I'm already
asleep everything Sorry
bro what's your name
bro
this is  this is
Rus Pasha In short, he has
enough energy in his body to either keep his
eyes open or keep his
mouth open when he
stops His eyes open
How he starts talking eyes are
closed Let's like subscribe comments
base Hello, where are you guys from
Russia I understand I understand this is your stove
in the back Yes, Russian  class need Russian oven I
always saw in fairy tales And there you can
bake bread And excuse me please are you for Russia
or for Ukraine I am for no one I am from
Latvia I am just a handsome man can you
just look I am studying I am kind of
interested in how people live  in the oven
can you show what this oven looks like in the
middle yeah this is not a Russian oven it's
just Well anyway I've never
seen such an oven honestly I'm
interested no no this is just a hole in the Abyss
Well show me how the
oven looks around everything is just an oven there
you can cook stove And at the bottom at the bottom of the stove
what is just the floor And what is the height there
can you can you stand well Show me so that I
this hole like At what height
is the hole of the stove
stove it is waist-deep knee-deep I am
interested
interesting She to me  it will be like according to the story
and how old are you what
ri And how old are you what years what do you
smoke 24 I understand you just have a voice like a
baby like someone like a
baby firstly I smoke I will definitely
not have a voice like a baby  go voice and look
Can you show the top of the stove how
the chimney
is arranged there no well
no where does it go Well
here is the stove Yes and it comes out somehow like
that in
short and
there Can you show your room in
which this stove is No I can't and what
there Yes, by the way, after the children Dasha
Ula run from here
then have a drink are
you a boy or a girl or a girl I am a
mother not
just that I have had such a voice since birth
yes you are a boy Yes you are a boy No I am a mother let me
look at you No you won't look at me What are you
afraid of  you're afraid Well because in the tube I
can take you off
what can you do you can As they say in
Utah I can take you off I mean just
show me so I can see that you're
really a woman and not a man
man cool
cool well take it Cover your face  hand
Show yourself like
this cool cool
darn it How many children do you have How many
children do you have
two How old are they
still small well small - that's
how old preschool
age year two
3p
Well I
got it roughly And where is my husband And where is my husband I
live where is my husband where is my husband and my husband  where in
the war and what did he go to the
Howl that he went to war God alone
knows I haven't lived with him for a long time he
went under contract No he's been serving under contract for a long time since the
war
started they
sent you away for years you haven't lived with him
I don't live with him anymore  count from the
nineteenth year so that's 6 years And
how do you have two preschool
children Well, he lives in another one, in another one,
this one just comes and that's it, from
whom children were born from her husband So you have
n't lived for 6 years already, I mean we live, he
comes  only
rarely then Are you
married
yes So you didn't understand then the topic are you married
but he doesn't live with you No we are married we
don't live with him like that uh since he was 19 he
comes once every six months and  everything but that's
not life anymore As they say and you are
married
Yes and why does he come once every six months what
does he do
nothing came sat
left made children and left
yes Well something like
that cool
Yeah and there didn't try to protect yourself
so that there well he came but children didn't
happen  from
him why do I want another
son from
him and from this
guy yes
Why Well it's just
love at first
sight Love at first sight but he
lives somewhere There he comes once every six months
to have a baby Well why to have a
baby he comes once every six months and has a
baby
there years Agoy namer
p Listen, do you live alone or with your
parents? No, I live alone. I
rent a house. Yes, for 500.
How much for 500 rubles?
Yes, 500 rubles is 5 dollars. No, it's 500
rubles. More precisely, it's less than p dollars. It's 4.
C5 dollars.
No, it's 500
rubles. You pay 500 rubles a month for this apartment.
Yes, in dollars, it
turns out like this for us. O dollar  90
something yes yes 90 something 110 11 and already
110 even this one didn't know 110 it turns out
Well about 4
dollars cool vay ned in America there is
no such thing yes three-room
apartment three-room apartment
you have
half a house half a house for 5 dollars well well that's
cool
yes And what do you do for a living? I don't
work. And on
maternity leave. And how do you
live? At your
husband's expense. They'll get women and they'll send them money. Yes,
yes, that means he's killing people in
Ukraine to feed you. And
tell me again. I haven't heard of any offspring. It
turns out he is.  kills people in Ukraine
to feed you from his offspring
yes yes why does he kill people he is a sapper
he does not kill people he mines mines Well that's
right those there mines so that others
can break through kill
people he defuses mines Listen and
you have everything here like this and this like this  and in
other rooms it's like that and here in the stove everything is
like that or
something like that And in your other three rooms it's also
like the same mess as here with  stove Well
I have two stoves and can you
show me the second one Why Why Well because
Why don't you do some repairs or Well this is
n't my apartment why should I do
repairs Why haven't you moved to some
better
apartment why do I like it when there are
stoves at home  Well, there are stoves at home, but not the Ruins of
stoves No, normal stoves will stand for another two years
if they dont collapse No,
they will stand for another two years,
then Ill just hire a person
He redid the stoves for me, I
understood everything And heres how your daily routine goes,
sleep Well, lets say, what time are you  you wake up
at 9 o'clock Well, for example, I go to bed at 4 I
get up at 4 in the morning you get up For what to
feed the children to cook something to eat Prima in the
morning they want to
eat Well, I clean the house and at 9:00 the
children
get up Wait from 4 in the morning until 9:00 in the morning -
that's 500v what  you clean the house for 5 hours
Well, for example, I clean then I wash
then I cook
porridge and then the children wake up well,
how  I would wake up at 8 at 9 o'clock Wait, she's cleaning up,
what do you mean, do you mean? Well, after the kids, I'm cleaning up, what are they doing so well? In general, 8, where did you raise the kids, what, what, school, kindergarten, where's the house? What kind of
orphanage is this, dem orphanage? So wait, uh
you in kindergarten at school or in an orphanage
child So with me and in kindergarten and in school and
in an orphanage so How many children do you have
10 Well, okay, what a fable are you going to tell
10 I'm pregnant now Almost 10 nine
children essentially like 10 You said so  that
you have two thea And where there are two there are three
Well, I don't believe that there are 10 Well, take this
Show me at least five
children Why should I show you my
children Well, just that they have clothes of five
children Well, I don't believe that you have 10  children
not just you
deceive Well no And so tell me why do you
want to look at my children
no need to look just Let
them come in and say their names for example
like this so that I hear that there are different
children  Uncle, let's solve the problem differently. It does
n't matter to me how many children I have and it
shouldn't matter to you. You just started making things up. If
you've been having 10 children for 24 years,
then you can't have 10 children. And if I started giving birth at 14, then you
should have given birth once a year
or 10 at once.  gave birth Well,
tell me right away 10 you would
n't have survived the first birth anyway and what about me In general, I
gave birth like clockwork Well, as
they say, not like clockwork of course, but I slept through
all the births, both with the first and the second and the
third and  fourth thousand Yes yes yes yes
yes yes But the question How many children do I have
yes yes two Well then why are you 10 There are
four
dozen Let's go further In short 89 you
sent the children to school in kindergarten Next what Well what else do
you want to know well than
what do you do at home all day To me
interesting
I'm
sleeping sent the child to kindergarten and you're sleeping Dash
Yes I have to
pay money I'm sleeping
of course how much do you get paid how much do I
pay you Yes believe me how much how much well
for one for example  about
30,000 And how much per month comes out month
month for everyone yes yes And why do you need to know for everyone
Well,
how many children I had there I
dont remember
Okay, the stove is of course brutal subscribe to
my Telegram right now oven and
popk this is very and very important YouTube is
driving  us through Scar George in the shadow
ban and very many videos I do not show to people
sometimes I do not show information about streams
so that we Mali operational
links are written right now and while there in
telegra okrim videos there is also interesting and
useful information and we are sorry for you
constant operational connection
independently in that will show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe